README.md, before:

EDPFields
=============
This is the official DPFields Github repository. DPFields is a Joomla extension suite which adds custom fields for Articles, Users, Categories, Modules, DPCalendar events or DPCases cases. But it's main purpose is to provide Joomla extension developers a custom fields feature with minimal code changes.

PREREQUISITES
------------
- Joomla 3.4 and above
- mysql >= 5.0.0
- PHP >= 5.3.0

INSTALLATION
------------
Just install the downloaded zip file through the Joomla extension manager and make sure the plugins are
enabled.

INTEGRATION
------------
If you are an extension developer you just need a couple of small requirements to support custom fields
in your component. The following list outlines the steps needed:

1. Add a sidebar link, see commit [44aca7838c564b5188dffd8362044d74bfcfe75e](https://github.com/Digital-Peak/Joomla-3.2-Hello-World-Component/commit/44aca7838c564b5188dffd8362044d74bfcfe75e) on the Hello World example
2. Make sure the same context is loaded in the form and the save events
3. Trigger the onContentBeforeDisplay event in your view, see commit [31bf7abc8cd843ee596ac2f70193c002456f0e59](https://github.com/Digital-Peak/Joomla-3.2-Hello-World-Component/commit/31bf7abc8cd843ee596ac2f70193c002456f0e59)

More information can be found in the [developer documentation](https://joomla.digital-peak.com/documentation/162-dpfields/2756-developer).

UPGRADE
-------
To upgrade DPFields from an older version just install the downloaded zip file trough the Joomla
extension manager or the built in update manager.

DOCUMENTATION
-------------
Check https://joomla.digital-peak.com/documentation/162-dpfields for more information.


Have fun
The Digital Peak team

Commit message:

Case 4672: Introduce content types and entities

README.md, after:

DPFields
=============
This is the official DPFields Github repository. DPFields is a simple CCK Joomla extension suite based on Joomla's custom fields extension. Additionally it comes with some new custom field plugins.
The best is, it is FREE of charge and GPL licensed!!

PREREQUISITES
------------
- Joomla 3.7 and above
- mysql >= 5.0.0
- PHP >= 5.5.9

INSTALLATION
------------
Just install the downloaded zip file through the Joomla extension manager and make sure the plugins are
enabled.

UPGRADE
-------
To upgrade DPFields from an older version just install the downloaded zip file trough the Joomla
extension manager or the built in update manager.

DOCUMENTATION
-------------
Check https://joomla.digital-peak.com/documentation/162-dpfields for more information.

Contribute
------------
As we believe strongly in open source, we provide this extension for free. So we encourage you to open a pull request when you want to add a new feature or provide a bug fix.

Have fun
The Digital Peak team
